Port content from legacy website (#56)
timescale/docs: api/run_job.md

## run_job() <tag type="community">Community</tag> 

Run a previously registered job in the current session.
This works for user-defined actions as well as policies.
Since `run_job` is implemented as stored procedure it cannot be executed
inside a SELECT query but has to be executed with [CALL](postgres-call).

<highlight type="tip">

> Any background worker job can be run in foreground when executed with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any background worker job can be run in the foreground when executed with
```

> `run_job`. This can be useful to debug problems when combined with increased
> log level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`run_job`. You can use this with an increased log level to help debug problems.
```

</highlight>

#### Required Arguments [](run_job-required-arguments)

|Name|Description|
|---|---|

> |`job_id`| (INTEGER)  TimescaleDB background job id |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`job_id`| (INTEGER)  TimescaleDB background job ID |
```

#### Sample Usage [](run_job-examples)

```sql
SET client_min_messages TO DEBUG1;
CALL run_job(1000);
```

> Set log level shown to client to `DEBUG1` and run the job with the job id 1000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set log level shown to client to `DEBUG1` and run the job with the job ID 1000.
```
